Ask me one question at a time so we can develop a thorough, step-by-step spec for this idea. Each
question should build on my previous answers, and our end goal is to have a detailed specification I
can hand off to a developer. Let’s do this iteratively and dig into every relevant detail. Remember,
only one question at a time.

Here’s the idea:

I want to create a front end only app (probably Vite + TS + shadcn), that facilitates someone trying
to use the therapy technique "Behavioral activation". It should show a calendar view where the
purpose is to plan out your activities for the week, and for you to predict how hard you think they
will be, and what you think their impact on your mood will be.

The friction for creating activities should be extremely low, so you should be able to click and
drag on the calendar view to block out time for the activities, and the modal that appears for
putting details in should have as few inputs on it as possible. Most likely just "Activity name" "
Expected Difficulty" and "Expected Mood". Any additional fields like location, notes, participants,
activity type, notes, etc, should be hidden behind a "more fields" option and be totally optional.

Another feature should be that when activities have passed, the app should ask you how hard you
actually found the activity, and the impact it actually had on your mood. The idea here is that the
app should help you prove to yourself that planning out activities and then actually carrying them
out improves your mood, and makes you more likely to do more activities in the future. So when you
mark activities as complete and your expectations on difficulty and mood are surpassed, the calendar
view should show that clearly, with the intention to motivate users to plan more activities and feel
good about their progress.

When creating activities, there should be basic presets so that people don't get mental block when
planning. Basic stuff like "Brush teeth", to harder things like "Go for a run", social things like "
Movie night", creative things like "Painting", "Crafting" or "Listen to music", relaxing things
like "Baths", etc.

There should also be stats that show what sort of activities make you feel happiest, which ones you
found easiest, easier than expected, etc. It should focus on the positivies. The idea is to
encourage people to break cycles of avoidance and inactiviy. That is easier if the app gives a sense
of achievement, and the barriers to planning are LOW. 